Where we are today

Cure has secured 3 of 50 licenses in Pennsylvania and will open these new retail operations in eastern PA in early 2018. There is a potential 4 location of a grow/process north of Pittsburgh. This will not be known potentially until end of 2018. Plus Cure is acting as an operator for a new location and owner in Hawaii. In Colorado, Cure’s competition is fierce in a saturated market of both medical and recreational retailers. Marijuana stores are a dime a dozen. They tend to copy the form de jour: we have the best products, the best service, the best experience etc. Those who get it right know that it’s not just about the offering of products or even about being different from the competition—it’s about developing a place, brand and strategy that lasts.

Compliance needs to remain the #1 top priority and is considered a condition, not an option. Compliance will be at the forefront of every decision made along the way. Additionally, customer service and having a good in-store experience have been functional priorities for the staff. How team members treat each individual shopper really makes for a personalized and friendly experience. 
Cure is moving into a new market with an audience that has old perceptions of marijuana and may be scared or concerned. This presents the challenge of building trust and creating normalization in the community. 


With a medical operation in Colorado, having a state/doctor issued medical card is required to enter and shop. Their are many visitors that do not understand how to obtain cards and many that come tot he store without them- leading to frustration, confusion and the feeling of helplessness. Cure does its best to help these people when they show up at the store.

Pennsylvania is solely a medical market and will need to cater to an inexperienced audience. In both markets, Cure’s primary goal is to focus on the patient and provide marijuana as a health/ pain management solution. 








Where we’re heading

We need to align CURE’S brand elements and activate design thinking to best present itself in new markets with a green/uneducated customer set in a way that evokes trust, creates a sense of community and ultimately helps establish CURE as a relentlessly relevant brand, making a difference in consumers' lives. This, of course, has to be thought about in both short and long term objectives, as well as, expanding markets. 

Cure also needs to become a trusted  advisors to owners/investors in PA and other states as they continue to expand. And their brand will need to   be flexible enough to be recognized for both recreational and medical categories. 
management solution. 












Project roadmap

This is an approximate roadmap and TBD based on scheduling and feedback. 

Jan 4 - day 2 discovery

Jan 17 - completion of observation days and presentation of findings brief

Jan 22 - Initial brand guidelines, strategic roadmap and initial direction for progress

Jan 31 - asset creation and development presentation, feedback, iteration 